at the Rafa Crossing in Gaza fears are
growing over the possibility of an
Israeli ground offensive being launched
there Benny Gans who's a member of the
Israeli War cabinet issued an ultimatum
on Sunday saying Israel would launch a
ground offensive in Rafa by March 10th
the start of Ramadan if Hamas did not
release all hostages by
then Global opposition to such an attack
is growing as the humanitarian situation
in Gaza Warson the price of diapers and
baby formula have skyrocketed leaving
parents desperate for the most basic
needs amid an inadequate supply of Aid
into
Gaza enas is using wrapped plastic
sheets on her baby as a homemade
diaper the displaced gazin mother who
fled to Rafa says she has no
alternative how am I supposed to get
diapers for my children even if we
wanted an alternative there are no
available alternatives
[Music]
some parents have been using clth
diapers too but washing them is proving
difficult due to a scarcity of
water we are struggling so much every
day we go to the market to try and find
diapers but there are none so we have to
wrap the baby in sheets but then they
can get a skin infection which would
require medication from the pharmacy but
then how are supposed to get
medication with the need for diapers so
great in Gaza a local tailor has stepped
in and started making diapers for people
of all
ages we're not only talking about
diapers for babies but also for the
elderly and people with disabilities
there are also children with
disabilities who need them every day the
elderly and newborn babies too
all these people need diapers that are
not simply available or expensive if the
banks were open you would need to take a
loan to buy
them a grim situation that Aid agencies
have warned is only going to get worse
unless Aid pours into the Gaza Strip and
there's an end to the
fighting